\#PokeAPIToTheFullest

\#My main goal here is to develop a WebSite containing many features such as: #HomePage - Choose to view the PokeDex, to earn some cash or go to the PokeMart. #PokeDex - You may activate a button to see only your captured Pokemon or choose to see the PokeDex entirely (highlighting the pokemon you've captured. #EarnCash - You will play some quickly game (yet to think and develop) to gain some cash. #PokeMart - Here you may use your cash (gotten by the game page, not real cash) to buy PokeBalls to capture Pokemon and add it to your PokeDex or Stone Evolution to Evolve your Pokemon.

Those are the main pages (thought untill now), and I will explain some features here. #Once you click on PokeDex you'll see a list of cards containing a border and the pokemon default sprite. The border must be according to the pokemon's type. #You may filter through a button if you wanna see all the pokemon pokedex have to display or only the one's you have captured. #You may use pokeballs to capture pokemon, adding them to your PokeDex. #You may have to register an account to use the pokedex. #Once you have captured the pokemon, it will no longer be grayish on pokedex but colorful. #If you have a stone in your bag, once you search a pokemon and click on Evolve, your evo stone will be consumed and then the evolution pokemon will be displayed colorful on your pokedex. #On the pokemon card you'll see two main buttons, Catch and Evolve.

\#thats the features i've planned so far, if you have a suggestion, feel free to send me a note on biorrodrigues@gmail, Rod_Romulo on Twitter or https://www.linkedin.com/in/romulo-rodrigues-dev/